Login
Join TechCrunch+
Search
TechCrunch+
Startups
Venture
Security
AI
Crypto
Apps
Events
Startup Battlefield
More
23andMe says hackers accessed ‘significant number’ of files about users’ ancestry
Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai, Zack Whittaker

a sign outside 23andMe's office in California, featuring the company's office in the background
AI
OpenAI’s GPT Store delayed to 2024 following leadership chaos
Devin Coldewey

AI
Good old-fashioned AI remains viable in spite of the rise of LLMs
Ron Miller

Transportation
The end of Elon
Darrell Etherington

Market Analysis
Why Rover’s $2.3B sale price makes good sense
Alex Wilhelm

The Latest
Apps
X is launching two new subscription tiers, including a ‘Premium+’ ad-free plan
Aisha Malik@aiishamalik1 / 2:30 AM GMT+7•October 28, 2023
 Comment
X (formerly Twitter) logo on a cracked wall
Image Credits: TechCrunch
X, formerly known as Twitter, is introducing two new tiers for its subscription offering in order to bring in additional revenue. The social media giant is adding a new Premium+ tier that costs $16 per month and offers the “largest reply boost” and removes ads from the For You and Following feeds. The tier also comes with revenue-sharing, along with access to other creator tools.

The second tier launching today is called “Basic” and costs $3 per month. The tier doesn’t come with a blue checkmark, but includes basic features like the ability to edit posts and post longer text and videos. It also offers a “small reply boost.”



Both of the new tiers are now available on the web.

The new tiers join the standard X Premium tier, which replaced Twitter Blue. The tier costs $8 per month and gives users a blue checkmark, prioritized ranking in replies, bookmark folders, longer posts, text formatting, themes, sms two-factor authentication, encrypted DMs and more.

The launch of the new tiers comes a few weeks after Bloomberg reported that X was working on new subscription tiers.

The introduction of the new tiers will give X additional ways to grow revenues as it deals with the loss in advertising dollars that it has faced since Elon Musk took the reins of the platform last fall. Musk’s controversial changes have turned away advertisers, as major companies ended up pulling their ads from the social network after their ads were displayed next to hate speech and pro-Nazi content. Earlier this month, Reuters reported that the company’s U.S. ad revenue has declined every month since Musk took over, with the latest figures showing a 60% year-over-year decline as of August.

Since taking over the company last year, Musk has been looking for ways to generate additional revenue, and has gone so far as charging users in New Zealand and the Philippines $1 per year in order to access the social network.




Please login to comment
Login / Create Account
TechCrunch Early Stage
April 25, 2024 Boston, MA
Register Now
Sign up for Newsletters
See all newsletters(opens in a new window)


Daily

Week in Review

Startups Weekly

Event Updates

Advertising Updates

TechCrunch+ Announcements

TechCrunch+ Events

TechCrunch+ Roundup

Email
Subscribe
https://tcrn.ch/40aIYTD
Copy
Tags
Twitter
X
Apps
X is launching two new subscription tiers, including a ‘Premium+’ ad-free plan
Aisha Malik
2:30 AM GMT+7•October 28, 2023
X, formerly known as Twitter, is introducing two new tiers for its subscription offering in order to bring in additional revenue. The social media giant is adding a new Premium+ tier that costs $16...
X (formerly Twitter) logo on a cracked wall
Security
23andMe says hackers accessed ‘significant number’ of files about users’ ancestry
Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai, Zack Whittaker
5:43 AM GMT+7•December 2, 2023
Genetic testing company 23andMe announced on Friday that hackers accessed around 14,000 customer accounts in the company’s recent data breach. In a new filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange ...
a sign outside 23andMe's office in California, featuring the company's office in the background
Transportation
EV startup Fisker cut its 2023 production target for the fourth time
Kirsten Korosec
5:25 AM GMT+7•December 2, 2023
Fisker, the California-based EV startup, cut its annual production guidance in an effort to free up $300 million in working capital, the company said in a business update Friday. Fisker said it exp...
Fisker Ocean SUV EV
AI
OpenAI’s GPT Store delayed to 2024 following leadership chaos
Devin Coldewey
5:08 AM GMT+7•December 2, 2023
OpenAI’s app store for AI, the GPT Store, will not launch this year as previously announced, but rather on an unspecified date in early 2024, the company said. The delay is almost certainly d...

AWS re:Invent 2023
Featured Article
AWS re:Invent: Everything Amazon’s announced, from new AI tools to LLM updates and more
We will deliver quick hits of the biggest news from AWS re:Invent as they are announced.
Christine Hall
4:30 AM GMT+7•December 2, 2023
Transportation
What’s up with Tesla’s Cybertruck? Everything to know about the much-hyped electric pickup
Harri Weber
3:10 AM GMT+7•December 2, 2023
After four years, the long-awaited launch of the Tesla Cybertruck electric pickup has come and gone. The boxy vehicle is Tesla’s first new model since 2020, when it started delivering the Model Y. ...
Modified graphic of Elon Musk standing in front of the Tesla Cybertruck from the reveal event
Startups
When Uncle Sam puts his thumb on your brake pedal
Haje Jan Kamps
3:05 AM GMT+7•December 2, 2023
Welcome to Startups Weekly. Sign up here to get it in your inbox every Friday. Hello, you scrumptious specimen of a human being. Have you looked yourself in the mirror and given yourself a high fiv...

Space
Amazon signs 3-launch deal with SpaceX for Project Kuiper satellite internet constellation
Aria Alamalhodaei
2:53 AM GMT+7•December 2, 2023
Amazon has purchased three Falcon 9 launches from SpaceX to support deployment of its Project Kuiper mega-constellation, the company said Friday. The new deal comes scarcely two months after it was...
spacex falcon 9 rocket launches south korea's danuri lunar orbiter
Transportation
Tesla Cybertruck delivery event: Everything Elon revealed about the EV pickup
Kirsten Korosec
2:50 AM GMT+7•December 2, 2023
With dubstep as the soundtrack and neon lighting as the backdrop, Elon Musk handed the first Cybertrucks over to a select group of customers that included Reddit co-founder and VC fund Seven Seven ...
tesla cybertruck delivery event
Sign up for Newsletters
See all newsletters(opens in a new window)

